Diese Datei enthält alle erzeugten Zusammenfassungen. Sie sind in mehrere Themenblöcke aufgeteilt.

Themenblock| Manuelle Zusammenfassung | Zusammenfassung Bachelorarbeit | Zusammenfassung vortr. Modell
------------ | ------------ | ------------ | ------------
1956 - 1974: Nascent Artificial Intelligence | In the beginning artificial intelligence systems were concerned with the implementation of logical calculus. They followed step-by-step procedures to avoid dead ends. At this time the first attempts at processing natural language were also developed, because both domains focused on highly constrained settings and environments. Parallel to these developments, the first theoretical models of neurons were developed as corresponding models of how human brain cells or computational units could interact in networks. | Consequently, artificial intelligence systems of this era were predominantly concerned with the implementation of logical calculus. In this vein, they often implemented a variant of a search strategy in which solutions were arrived at by following a step-by-step procedure in which the steps either followed logically from the preceding state or systematically tried to explore possible alternatives using backtracking to avoid dead ends.| Artificial intelligence systems of this era were predominantly concerned with the implementation of logical calculus. In this vein, they often implemented a variant of a search strategy in which solutions were arrived at by following a step-by-step procedure in which the steps either followed logically from the preceding state or systematically tried to explore possible alternatives using backtracking to avoid dead ends.
1980 - 1987: Knowledge Representation | In the 80s research focused on the problem of knowledge representation. To capture this aspect the approach of expert systems was devised. The main feature of it was to systematically store relevant knowledge in databases and devise methods to navigate them. The Fifth Generation Computer project of the Japanese Government and the Alvey project in the United Kingdom were examples of that. Furthermore the development of neural networks advanced due to newly proposed network models and backpropagation as an effective training method. | Shift in focus occurred due to the insight that intelligent behavior in day-to-day situations was largely reliant on common sense knowledge about how the world works rather than merely on logical inference. The main feature of this technology was the attempt to systematically store domain relevant knowledge in knowledge databases and devise methods to effectively and efficiently navigate them. | This shift in focus occurred due to the insight that intelligent behavior in day-to-day situations was largely reliant on common sense knowledge about how the world works rather than merely on logical inference. Moreover, a noticeable upturn in government funding occurred at the beginning of the 1980s, with the fifth generation computer project of the japanese government and the alvey project in the united kingdom being notable examples.
1993 - Today: Learning from Data | In the 90s the IBM's Deep Blue system beat chess world-champion Garry Kasparov. Apart from that artificial intelligence methods were established in real-world applications often without explicitly reffered to as artificial intelligence. Therefore artificial intelligence became a scientific discipline in the early 1990s. In particular, the intelligent agent paradigm has gained substantial popularity. From this point of view, artificial intelligence can be seen as the study of intelligent agents. These advanced were supported by computational capabilities. Together with the highly increased data generation (because of the internet) these aspects paved the way for artificial intelligence in its current form: machine learning and deep learning. With the described capabilites models could be trained to achieve unseen levels of performance. | Artificial intelligence can be seen as the study of intelligent agents, thereby freeing it from the notion of imitating human intelligence to a broader study of intelligence in general. These aforementioned advances have been supported by a marked increase in computational and data storage capabilities. | Since the early 1990s, there has been an influx of ideas from mathematics, statistics, decision theory, and operations research, which have contributed to artificial intelligence becoming a mature and rigorous scientific discipline. In particular, the intelligent agent paradigm has gained substantial popularity. The notion of the rational agent of economic theory combines with computer science notions of objects and modularity to form the idea of an intelligently acting entity.
Linguistics | Linguistics can be described as the science of natural language in general. It consists of the study of the structural and phonetic properties of interhuman communication. In the field of artificial intelligence, we think of natural language as a medium of communication in which the context is given. | Noam Chomsky was instrumental in establishing this with his book syntactic structures. One could go further and consider creativity and thought as related to linguistic artificial intelligence given that all our ways of thinking are so intimately related to language as a form of representation. | Linguistics can be described as the science of natural language in general. It encompasses the study of the structural (grammatical) and phonetic properties of interhuman communication. One could go further and consider creativity and thought as related to linguistic artificial intelligence given that all our ways of thinking are so intimately related to language as a form of representation.
Cognition | Much of our understanding of cognition in the context of artificial intelligence comes from a combination of several bodies of knowledge such like psychology and artificial intelligence. Computer science models the behavior that pyschology has observed. The next step is to determine how the model makes decisions. This aspect unfortunately is still lacking particularly in deep learning approaches. | Psychology deals with experimentation on humans and animals to form new theories and hypotheses. Computer models of the brain receive a stimulus and make an internal representation of that new stimulus, which can in turn lead the brain to modify its internal representation. If it does, it can lead to actions being taken by the brain. | Psychology deals with experimentation on humans and animals to form new theories and hypotheses. Computer models of the brain receive a stimulus and make an internal representation of that new stimulus, which can in turn lead the brain to modify its internal representation. If it does, it can lead to actions being taken by the brain. | The fields of psychology and artificial intelligence combine. Computer models of the brain receive a stimulus and make an internal representation. If it does, it can lead to actions being taken by the brain. If we want to model the brain, we have to get into it, virtually of course.
Gaming | In artificial intelligence, gaming is about learning, uncertainty, and probability. Decision theory and game theory are slightly related. The former addresses uncertainty and usefulness. The second is characterized by the fact that player X's moves affect player Y's options. In 2016 one of the world's best Go players played a 5-game match against a Go-playing system (AlphaGo) developed by the Google-owned company DeepMind. The match ended in 4-1 win for AlphaGo. The version in 2016 used knowledge of professional Go players for training. Afterwards DeepMind developed a system that learns the game on its own. This system has come out even stronger and surprised human experts with effective and efficient moves.| John von Neuman (1903-1957) and Oskar Morgenstern established game theory as a formal mathematical field of study. Subsequently, a comprehensive taxonomy of games was established, and in some cases even provably optimal rational gaming strategies were developed. Most games are played for entertainment or the challenge of winning. | Machines now play at a higher level than even the world's best human experts. Game theory is characterized by the fact that player x's moves affect player y's options. For all of these games, machines now play for entertainment or the challenge of winning, such as in chess, poker, checkers.
The Internet of Things (IoT) | IoT is an artificial intelligence advance in the making. In principle it refers to interconnected computing devices that are used every day like phones or wearable devices. The produced data by these devices can be used productive as well as destructive. While IoT does not qualify as artificial intelligence per se, it is linked to it. IoT is about connecting machines and generating data. The intelligent behavior of these machines is derived from artificial intelligence algorithms. | IoT refers to interconnected computing devices that are embedded in homes, cars, on wearable devices, and phones. Such devices are enabled to send and receive data amongst themselves and users. | A constructive application may take the form of medical reminders to take medication. A negative application could be the monitoring of data about the medications a person is taking in order to determine their health insurance rate. While IoT does not qualify as artificial intelligence per se, it is linked to it.
Quantum Computing | Quantum computing is also an artificial intelligence advance in the making. The term comes from the physical theory called quantum mechanics. The goal of quantum computing is to build super computers that utilize these quantum properties of matter to implement novel algorithmic approaches that significantly outperform classical machines. | Quantum computing, just like IoT, is an artificial intelligence advance in the making. In general, quantum mechanics posits that physical systems are characterized by a wave function describing the probabilities of the system in any particular state. The goal of quantum computing is to build super computers that utilize these quantum properties of matter to implement novel algorithmic approaches that significantly outperform classical machines. | Quantum mechanics posits that physical systems are characterized by a wave describing the probabilities of the system in any particular state. The goal of quantum computing is to build super computers that utilize these quantum properties of matter to implement novel algorithmic approaches that significantly outperform classical machines.
Introduction | There are two views of how the revolution of mobility is likely to continue. One view is that change will come gradually; an opposing view is that it will disrupt everything very quickly. Industry prefers to keep current assets deployed until they are fully depreciated while experimenting with new technologies (just like in the market for new automobiles). Many of the self-driving technologies built into automobiles will have already been trialed and tested by the time they fully enter the market. For intermodal mobility, future mobility ecosystem support will have to be much more sophisticated. | New automobiles are fitted with self-driving technology without altering the relationship that has existed for more than one hundred years. Therefore, many of the self-driving technologies built into automobiles will have already been trialed and tested by the time self-driving cars fully enter the market. | The argument in favor of gradualism is that industry prefers to keep current assets deployed until they are fully depreciated while also experimenting and testing new technologies. This policy is already visible in the market for new automobiles are fitted with self-driving technology without altering the driver-car relationship that has existed for more than one hundred years.
Importance of Extended Mobility | Fully automated vehicles can operate in a 24/7 mode. This affects national and global economies in far-reaching ways. Automobile Onwership becomes less attractive, because you can share these vehicles. Compared to cars built with internal combustion engines, electric cars will require one-fifth of the parts to produce and are thus much easier to manufacture and maintain. Furthermore the form of taxation and licensing fee structures will change in the future. | The nature of mobility affects national and global economies in far-reaching ways. Just consider the impact of autonomous driving technology on automobile manufacturing. Fully automated vehicles can operate in a 24/7 mode. | Fully automated vehicles can operate in a 24/7 mode. Combined with a shared approach to vehicle usage, this means that consumer mobility needs will be able to be satisfied with far viewer automobiles. In the united states, infrastructure projects like road maintenance and bridge repairs are financed by a fuel tax applied to each gallon (3.79 l) of gasoline purchased at the retail level.
Other Mobility Considerations | New mobility solutions may range from non-owner pods to personally owned, personally driven automobiles with self-driving ability. New car features represent new selling opportunities, including adverstising and entertainment content. Service providers will strive to make mobility safe, pleasant and cost-effective. The present mobility ecosystem is composed of roads, airports, train stations, traffic rules and bridges. In the future it may include another component - data. | New mobility solutions may range from non-owner pods in predominantly urban areas to customized, personally owned. They enable in-vehicle services like navigation and data analytics about the vehicle and its owner, irrespective of whether the owner is a person or a leasing company. | New car features new selling opportunities, including advertising and entertainment content. They enable in-vehicle services like navigation and data analytics about the vehicle and its owner, irrespective of whether the owner is a person or a leasing company.
The Relationship Between Artificial Intelligence and Automobiles | The automobile industry teaches autonomous vehicles to drive so they can be used independently on roads. To achieve the required capabilities, a broad collection of technologies is employed. Tesla, the prime example of a new challenger in the automotive space, provides driver convenience tied to personal cell-phone calendars and artificial intelligence-based predictive vehicle maintenance. Their cars  feature an extended forward radar of up to 160 meters and 360° object detection. | Mechanically, such as acceleration, breaking, and steering have been possible for some time. However, the ability of artificial intelligence, the brain, to connect all the different variables in order to make timely practical decisions is new. Many automobile companies, and automotive start-ups are developing self-driving automobiles. | The automobile industry is teaching autonomous vehicles to drive prior to having been granted permission for their independent use on public roads. Mechanically, some aspects of self-driving, such as acceleration, breaking, and steering have been possible for some time. However, the ability of artificial intelligence, the brain, to connect all the different variables in order to make timely practical decisions is new. Many automobile companies, part suppliers, and automotive start-ups are developing self-driving automobiles.
*How driving is done* | Automobiles currently on the market come equipped with many driver-assist features which are the prelude to self-driving. In order that consumers accept self-driving vehicles, self-driving technology has to be proven to be reliable and trustworthy in dangerous situations. | Automobiles currently on the market come equipped with many driver-assist features. Cooperative sensing with adjacent cars in traffic means greater safety, as it reduces the effect of emotions on human decision-making. Additionally, autonomous parking is about to become a feature offered in the current lineup of new car offerings. | Cooperative sensing with adjacent cars in traffic means greater safety. When maneuvering through city traffic, self-driving vehicles may avoid congestion by considering their entire surroundings. Additionally, autonomous parking is about to become a feature offered in the current lineup of new car offerings.
*Checking up on the driver* | To detect fatigue and possible drug influence face recognition technologies are being used. They check the driver's head position and his/her eye areas. | Drowsiness is detectable by the driver's head position and the degree to which their eyes are open. A further look at the dilation of their pupils, which regulate the amount of light entering the eye, can give rise to some driving-related concerns. The causes range from dysfunctional human behavior to human ailments. | Drowsiness is detectable by the driver's head position and the degree to which their eyes are open. Drug use can also create risks if the eye does not recover quickly enough from the bright lights of an oncoming car in time for the driver to act.
*Cloud computing* | While software drives the car, the Cloud stores driving data to enable learning as more and more patterns emerge over time. | Navigation systems require large amounts of computer resources to instantaneously understand their surroundings. Performance enhancing software updates for self-driving cars can be downloaded via the cloud. Software drives the car, the cloud stores driving data to enable learning as more and more patterns emerge over time. | Navigation systems require large amounts of computer resources to instantaneously understand their surroundings. While software drives the car, the cloud stores driving data to enable learning as more and more patterns emerge over time. While software drives the car, the cloud stores driving data to enable learning as more and more patterns emerge over time.
*Paperwork associated with self-driving vehicles* | Self-driving, or even assisted driving, may lead to fewer accidents. The liability for accidents caused by self-driving vehicles will be addressed by the legal system, case law, and legislation. | The number of automobile fatalities is expected to be well below 40,000 in 2019. The liability for accidents caused by self-driving vehicles will be addressed by the legal system, case law, and legislation. One option for addressing issues of liability is for it to remain with the registered owner of the self-driving car. | The number of automobile fatalities is expected to be well below 40,000 in 2019. In the united states, for example, the insurance industry will try to recover in order to maintain earnings. The liability for accidents caused by self-driving vehicles will be addressed by the legal system, case law. One option for addressing issues of liability is for it to remain with the registered owner of the self-driving car.
Artificial Intelligence Assisted Mobility Inside the Vehicle | Cameras inside the car can check the driver by himself (e.g. how often the eyes are open) or check his/her surroundings (e.g. whether or not seat belts are fastened). To eliminate distractions, such as the urge to turn on the radio or make a phone call, technology can also provide gesture control for common actions performed by the driver. These technologies have to be accepted by the consumers. | Cameras inside a vehicle can identify the driver and passengers in terms of their gender and estimated age. To eliminate distractions, such as the urge to turn on the radio or make a phone call, technology can also provide gesture control for common actions performed by the driver being to estimate their level of attentiveness. | Cameras inside a vehicle can identify the driver and passengers in terms of their gender and age. Whether all of these technologies become common vehicle features will depend on their market acceptance, which will be shaped by their market price and the convenience they offer consumers.
